README.md, before:

# Bookmarking for Github

Save and Organize your favorite github repositories.

A chrome extension which enables bookmarking feature for github. Bookmark your favorite repositories and organize them with custom tags.

See this 30 sec video for a quick demo

<a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykWAo9r79og" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/github_bookmark_video_screenshot.png" alt="Bookmarking for github" width="500" border="10"></a>

Click [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/voblet/jgnennkfpahpjpbmbbodaipgoilccmco) to download the chrome extension.

>Star this repository to reach people who follow github trending list, it might be useful for them.

## Why ?

In Github star is the only way to save a repository and you cannot organize with custom folders or tags. With voblet you can organize repositories with custom tags. For example, When you find an interesting repository which you want to use for your next side project you can bookmark with 'Side Project' as a tag. You can view your Bookmarks on github just like stars.


## Features :

### Bookmark your favorite repositories

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/bookmark-repo-zoom.gif "Bookmark Repository")
--


### Bookmark from trending list

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/bookmark-trending-list-zoom.gif "Bookmark From trending list")
--

### Everything you save is accessible from github

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/view-bookmarks-zoom.gif "View Bookmarks")
--


### Access your bookmarks from your phone

<img width="288" id="fb-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/bookmarks-android.png">
--

## Download

<a href=https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/voblet/jgnennkfpahpjpbmbbodaipgoilccmco><img height="53" width="188" id="webstore-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/chrome_web_store_badge.png"></a>

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.voblet"><img height="73" width="188" id="play-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/google-play-badge.png"></a>

>Star this repository so that it reaches more people who follow github trending list, it might be useful for them.

## Feedback

Create an issue if you find any bugs or if you have any ideas/suggestions.

Mail contact@voblet.com for more info.

For more updates follow us on the below social platforms

<a href=https://www.facebook.com/voblet><img height="42" width="42" id="fb-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/fb-logo.png"></a>

<a href=https://www.twitter.com/vobletApp><img height="42" width="42" id="fb-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/twitter-logo.png"></a>

Commit message:

Add alt text for GIF images in README.md
There are three GIF images embedded in this README.md.
The alt texts of images have been altered to something a little more
descriptive as follow (old -> new):

  1. alt text -> Bookmark your favorite repositories
  2. alt text -> Bookmark from trending list
  3. alt text -> Everything you save is accessible from github

README.md, after:

# Bookmarking for Github

Save and Organize your favorite github repositories.

A chrome extension which enables bookmarking feature for github. Bookmark your favorite repositories and organize them with custom tags.

See this 30 sec video for a quick demo

<a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykWAo9r79og" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/github_bookmark_video_screenshot.png" alt="Bookmarking for github" width="500" border="10"></a>

Click [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/voblet/jgnennkfpahpjpbmbbodaipgoilccmco) to download the chrome extension.

>Star this repository to reach people who follow github trending list, it might be useful for them.

## Why ?

In Github star is the only way to save a repository and you cannot organize with custom folders or tags. With voblet you can organize repositories with custom tags. For example, When you find an interesting repository which you want to use for your next side project you can bookmark with 'Side Project' as a tag. You can view your Bookmarks on github just like stars.


## Features :

### Bookmark your favorite repositories

![Bookmark your favorite repositories](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/bookmark-repo-zoom.gif "Bookmark Repository")
--


### Bookmark from trending list

![Bookmark from trending list](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/bookmark-trending-list-zoom.gif "Bookmark From trending list")
--

### Everything you save is accessible from github

![Everything you save is accessible from github](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/view-bookmarks-zoom.gif "View Bookmarks")
--


### Access your bookmarks from your phone

<img width="288" id="fb-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/bookmarks-android.png">
--

## Download

<a href=https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/voblet/jgnennkfpahpjpbmbbodaipgoilccmco><img height="53" width="188" id="webstore-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/chrome_web_store_badge.png"></a>

<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.voblet"><img height="73" width="188" id="play-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/google-play-badge.png"></a>

>Star this repository so that it reaches more people who follow github trending list, it might be useful for them.

## Feedback

Create an issue if you find any bugs or if you have any ideas/suggestions.

Mail contact@voblet.com for more info.

For more updates follow us on the below social platforms

<a href=https://www.facebook.com/voblet><img height="42" width="42" id="fb-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/fb-logo.png"></a>

<a href=https://www.twitter.com/vobletApp><img height="42" width="42" id="fb-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Voblet/bookmarking-for-github/master/images/twitter-logo.png"></a>
